More Django advice (#168)
cosmicpython/book: appendix_django.asciidoc

So why might you still do it?

* when migrating an existing project that has Django?

* or because you want the Django Admin? But we'd have to say that's likely to
  be a bad idea--it goes against the grain of wanting to decouple your model
  and business logic from the ORM.  The Django admin makes sense for CRUD
  apps.  If you have a more complex domain + workflow, it's less likely to
  be useful.

So what should you do if you want to apply some of the patterns in this book
to a Django app?  We'd say:

* Repository and Unit of Work pattern are going to be quite a lot of work. The
  main thing they will buy you in the short term is faster unit tests, so
  evaluate whether that feels worth it in your case.  In the longer term, they
  decouple your app from Django and the database, so if you anticipate wanting
  to migrate away from either of those, Repository and UoW are a good idea.

* You can still do DDD and domain modelling with Django models, tightly coupled
  as they are to the database; you may be slowed down by migrations, but

>   it shouldn't be fatal.  So follow the "fat models" pattern, push as much

Author: ```suggestion
  it shouldn't be fatal.  So, as long as your apps is not too complex and your tests not too slow, you may
  be able to get something out of the "fat models" approach: push as much
```
